#tests: test_name, ' ', status(PASSED | FAILED | ERROR), ' ', [exception, { trace_mut_index | '(', { alternative_trace_mut_index, ',' }, ')' }]
org.jaxen.test.SAXPathExceptionTest:testMessageIsNonNull()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.SAXPathExceptionTest:testPrintStackTrace()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.AxisTest:testIllegalAxisNumber()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.TranslateFunctionTest:testTranslateWithExtraCharsInReplacementString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.TranslateFunctionTest:testTranslateStringThatContainsPrivateUseChars()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.TranslateFunctionTest:testTranslateFunctionRequiresAtLeastThreeArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.TranslateFunctionTest:testTranslate()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.TranslateFunctionTest:testTranslateNonBMPChars()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.TranslateFunctionTest:testTranslateNonBMPChars2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.TranslateFunctionTest:testTranslateWithNonBMPChars()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.TranslateFunctionTest:testTranslateRequiresAtMostThreeArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.TranslateFunctionTest:testTranslateWithNonBMPChars2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.TranslateFunctionTest:testTranslateIgnoresExtraArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.TranslateFunctionTest:testTranslateWithMalformedSurrogatePair()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.TranslateFunctionTest:testTranslateStringThatContainsNonBMPChars()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.TranslateFunctionTest:testTranslateWithMissingLowSurrogate()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testStringLengthIndexesAndCountsUnicodeCharactersNotJavaChars()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testStringLengthCountsUnicodeCharactersNotJavaChars()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testSubstringFunctionRequiresAtLeastTwoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testSubstringFunctionRequiresAtMostThreeArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testStringLengthIndexesUnicodeCharactersNotJavaChars()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testUnusualSubstring6()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testSubstringOfNaN()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testSubstringOfNumber2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testSubstringOfNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testUnusualSubstring1()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testUnusualSubstring2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testUnusualSubstring4()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testUnusualSubstring3()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testUnusualSubstring5()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testNegativeStartWithLength()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testSubstringOfEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testNegativeStartNoLength()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testSubstringWithNegativeLength()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testSubstringWithExcessiveLength()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringTest:testSubstringWithNegativeLength2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringBeforeTest:testSubstringBeforeFunctionRequiresAtLeastTwoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringBeforeTest:testSubstringBeforeFunctionRequiresAtMostTwoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringBeforeTest:testSubstringBeforeNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringBeforeTest:testSubstringBeforeString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringBeforeTest:testEmptyStringSubstringBeforeNonEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringBeforeTest:testEmptyStringBeforeEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringBeforeTest:testSubstringBeforeEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringBeforeTest:testContainsString3()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringBeforeTest:testSubstringBeforeString2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringBeforeTest:testSubstringBeforeString3()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringBeforeTest:testSubstringBeforeNumber2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringAfterTest:testEmptyStringSubstringAfterNonEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringAfterTest:testSubstringAfterEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringAfterTest:testEmptyStringBeforeEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringAfterTest:testSubstringAfterNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringAfterTest:testSubstringAfterString3()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringAfterTest:testSubstringAfterNumber2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringAfterTest:testSubstringAfterString4()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringAfterTest:testSubstringAfterString2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringAfterTest:testSubstringAfterString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringAfterTest:testSubstringAfterFunctionRequiresAtLeastTwoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SubstringAfterTest:testSubstringAfterFunctionRequiresAtMostTwoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LangTest:testLangFunctionSelectsNothing()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LangTest:testLangFunctionSelectsEmptyNodeSet()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LangTest:testLangFunctionRequiresOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LangTest:testLangFunctionSelectsNonEmptyNodeSet()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LangTest:testLangFunctionSelectsSubcode()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LangTest:testLangFunctionAppliedToDocument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LangTest:testLangFunctionSelectsNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LangTest:testLangFunctionRequiresAtMostOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LangTest:testLangFunctionAppliedToNonElement()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LangTest:testLangFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LangTest:testHyphenRequiredAtEnd()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LastTest:testLastFunctionAllowsNoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LastTest:testLastFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ConcatTest:testConcatFunctionRequiresAtLeastTwoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ContainsTest:testEmptyStringContainsNonEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ContainsTest:testEmptyStringContainsEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ContainsTest:testContainsString3()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ContainsTest:testContainsNumber2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ContainsTest:testContainsEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ContainsTest:testContainsString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ContainsTest:testContainsString2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ContainsTest:testContainsNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ContainsTest:testContainsFunctionRequiresAtMostTwoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ContainsTest:testContainsFunctionRequiresAtLeastTwoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringLengthTest:testStringLengthFunctionWithMalformedString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringLengthTest:testStringLengthOfEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringLengthTest:testStringLengthWithPrivateUseChars()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringLengthTest:testStringLengthOfNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringLengthTest:testStringLengthOfString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringLengthTest:testStringLengthFunctionCountsUnicodeCharactersNotJavaChars()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringLengthTest:testStringLengthFunctionRequiresExactlyOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringLengthTest:testStringLengthFunctionOperatesOnContextNode()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StartsWithTest:testEmptyStringStartsWithNonEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StartsWithTest:testEmptyStringStartsWithEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StartsWithTest:testStartsWithNumber2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StartsWithTest:testStartsWithEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StartsWithTest:testStartsWithNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StartsWithTest:testStartsWithString3()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StartsWithTest:testStartsWithString2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StartsWithTest:testStartsWithString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StartsWithTest:testStartsWithFunctionRequiresAtLeastTwoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StartsWithTest:testStartsWithFunctionRequiresAtMostTwoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.CountTest:testCount3()V FAILED junit.framework.AssertionFailedError 
org.jaxen.test.CountTest:testCountRootElement()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.CountTest:testCountFunctionRequiresAtLeastOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.CountTest:testCountFunctionRequiresAtMostOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LocalNameTest:testLocalNameNoArguments()V FAILED junit.framework.AssertionFailedError 
org.jaxen.test.LocalNameTest:testLocalNameOfNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LocalNameTest:testLocalNameOfAttribute()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LocalNameTest:testLocalNameOfProcessingInstructionIsTarget()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LocalNameTest:testLocalNameWithTwoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LocalNameTest:testLocalNameOfNamespaceIsPrefix()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LocalNameTest:testLocalNameAllowsNoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LocalNameTest:testLocalNameOfEmptyNodeSetIsEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LocalNameTest:testLocalNameOfTextIsEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LocalNameTest:testLocalNameOfCommentIsEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NameTest:testNameAllowsNoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NameTest:testNameOfNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NameTest:testNameOfAttribute()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NameTest:testNameWithTwoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NameTest:testNameOfTextIsEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NameTest:testNameOfCommentIsEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NameTest:testNameOfProcessingInstructionIsTarget()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NameTest:testNameNoArguments()V FAILED junit.framework.AssertionFailedError 
org.jaxen.test.NameTest:testNameOfNamespaceIsPrefix()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceURITest:testNamespaceURIOfProcessingInstructionIsEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceURITest:testNamespaceURIRequiresAtMostOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceURITest:testNamespaceURIOfTextIsEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceURITest:testNamespaceURIOfAttributeInNamespace()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceURITest:testNamespaceURIOfEmptyNodeSetIsEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceURITest:testNamespaceURIOfNamespaceIsNull()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceURITest:testNamespaceURIOfAttribute()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceURITest:testNamespaceURIOfComment()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceURITest:testNamespaceURIOfNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceURITest:testNamespaceURINoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SumTest:testSumOfNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SumTest:testSumNoArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NumberTest:testNumberFunctionOperatesOnFirstNodeInDocumentOrder()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NumberTest:testNumberFunctionAppliedToNonNumericString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NumberTest:testNumberFunctionOperatesOnContextNode()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NumberTest:testNumberFunctionRequiresAtMostOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NumberTest:testIsNan()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.NumberTest:testBooleanConvertedToNumber()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.RoundTest:testRoundFunctionRequiresAtLeastOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.RoundTest:testRoundFunctionRequiresAtMostOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.RoundTest:testRound()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.RoundTest:testNaNRoundIsNaN()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.RoundTest:testNegativeRound()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringTest:testStringFunctionOperatesOnFirstNodeInDocumentOrder()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringTest:testStringValueOfNullWithNonNullNavigator()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.StringTest:testBigNumbersDontUseExponentialNotation()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringTest:testStringValueOfNamespaceNode()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringTest:testStringFunctionRequiresAtMostOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringTest:testSmallNumbersDontUseExponentialNotation()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringTest:testIntegersAreFormattedAsInts()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringTest:testStringValueOfComment()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringTest:testStringOfInfinity()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringTest:testStringOfNegativeZero()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.StringTest:testStringValueOfNull()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.StringTest:testStringOfNegativeInfinity()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BooleanTest:testBooleanFunctionRequiresExactlyOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BooleanTest:testBooleanFunctionRequiresOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BooleanTest:testEmptyStringIsFalse()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BooleanTest:testNonEmptyNodeSetsAreTrue()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BooleanTest:testEmptyNodeSetsAreFalse()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BooleanTest:testZeroIsFalse()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BooleanTest:testNaNIsFalse()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BooleanTest:testNonEmptyStringIsTrue()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.CeilingTest:testCeilingFunctionRequiresAtLeastOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.CeilingTest:testCeilingFunctionRequiresAtMostOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.CeilingTest:testCeiling()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.CeilingTest:testNegativeCeiling()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.CeilingTest:testNaNCeilingIsNaN()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FloorTest:testBooleanFunctionRequiresExactlyOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FloorTest:testNegativeInfFloorIsNegativeInf()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FloorTest:testFloorFunctionRequiresAtLeastArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FloorTest:testFloor()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FloorTest:testNaNFloorIsNaN()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FloorTest:testInfFloorIsInf()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FloorTest:testNegativeFloor()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.IdTest:testIDFunctionSelectsNothingInDocumentWithNoIds()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.IdTest:testIDFunctionRequiresAtMostOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.IdTest:testIdReturnsFirstElementWithMatchingId()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.IdTest:testIDFunctionRequiresAtLeastOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.IdTest:testFindMultipleElementsByMultipleIDs()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.IdTest:testFindElementById()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.TrueTest:testTrueOfNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FalseTest:testFalse()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FalseTest:testFalseOfNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NotTest:testNotFunctionRequiresOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NotTest:testNotFunctionRequiresExactlyOneArgument()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NotTest:testEmptyStringIsFalse()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NotTest:testZeroIsFalse()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NotTest:testNaNIsFalse()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NotTest:testNonEmptyStringIsTrue()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NotTest:testOneIsTrue()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NormalizeSpaceTest:testNormalizeSpaceUsesXMLSpaceRulesNotJavaRules2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NormalizeSpaceTest:testNormalizeSpaceUsesXMLSpaceRulesNotJavaRules()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NormalizeSpaceTest:testNormalizeSpaceInContextNode()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NormalizeSpaceTest:testNormalizeSpaceRequiresAtMostOneArguments()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.PositionTest:testPositionOfNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ExtensionFunctionTest:testRegisterExtensionFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ExtensionFunctionTest:testJaxen47()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 84 
org.jaxen.test.AddNamespaceTest:testDefaultContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testAttributeNodesOnParentComeBeforeNamespaceNodesInChildInDocumentOrder()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testSelfAxisWithNodeTestCanReturnNonPrincipalNodeType()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testAddNamespaceWithNonSimpleNamespaceContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testNamespaceNodesComeBeforeAttributeNodesInDocumentOrder()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testNumberValueOfEmptyNodeSetIsNaN()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testEvaluateWithMultiNodeAnswer()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testSelectSingleNodeForContext()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testValueOfEmptyListIsEmptyString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testPrecedingSiblingAxisIsInDocumentOrder()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testAbbreviatedDoubleSlashAxis()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testAncestorAxisWithAttributes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testAncestorAxisWithPositionalPredicate()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testDescendantAxisWithAttributes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testPrecedingAxisWithPositionalPredicate()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testRelationalGTAssociativity5()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testInequalityAssociativity5P()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testRelationalLTAssociativity5()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testBooleanValueOfEmptyNodeSetIsFalse()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testInequalityAssociativity5B()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testInequalityAssociativity5BP()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testAncestorFollowedByChildren()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testPrecedingAxisIsInDocumentOrder()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testMultipleAttributesOnElement()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testRelationalGEAssociativity5()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testRelationalGEAssociativity2()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testRelationalGEAssociativity4()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testXMLNamespaceAttributeOrderOnAncestorAxis()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testDescendantAxisWithAttributesAndChildren()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testUnionOfEmptyNodeSetWithNonNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testSAXPathExceptionThrownFromConstructor()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testRelationalLEAssociativity5()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testRelationalGEAssociativity3()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testSelectSingleNodeSelectsNothing()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testRelationalAssociativity5P()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 106 179 148 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testPrincipalNodeTypeOfSelfAxisIsElement()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testDescendantAxisWithNamespaceNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testSimplerArithmeticAssociativity()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testMismatchedDepthsInContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testSelectNodesReturnsANonNodeSet()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testMoreComplexArithmeticAssociativity()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testMostComplexArithmeticAssociativity()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testDebug()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testJaxen97()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testJaxen107()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testAncestorOrSelfAxis()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testAllNodesQuery()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testParentOfSelection()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testEvaluateString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testPathWithParentheses()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testAncestorAxis()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testUnionUsesDocumentOrder()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testInequalityAssociativity5()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testUnionOfNodesWithNonNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testEqualityAssociativity5BP()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testLogicalAssociativity()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testDescendantOrSelfAxis()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testJaxen107FromFile()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testDuplicateNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testNonElementContextNode()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testRelationalAssociativity3()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testGetRootExpr()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testRelationalAssociativity4()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testEqualityAssociativity5P()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testEqualityAssociativity5B()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testNonNodeContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testDescendantAxis()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testArithmeticAssociativity()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testEqualityAssociativity5()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.BaseXPathTest:testIsSerializable()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FunctionContextTest:testUnresolvableFunctionExceptionMessage()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FunctionContextTest:testJAXEN50()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FunctionContextTest:testUnresolvableFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FunctionContextTest:testGetFunctionContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.FunctionContextTest:testSerializeFunctionContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SimpleNamespaceContextTest:testCantUseNonStringsAsValues()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.SimpleNamespaceContextTest:testMapCopy()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.SimpleNamespaceContextTest:testContextFromElement()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.SimpleNamespaceContextTest:testCantUseNonStringsAsKeys()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.SimpleNamespaceContextTest:testSerialization()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.ContextTest:testXMLPrefixIsAlwaysBound()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ContextTest:testSetNodeSet()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.ContextTest:testShrinkNodeSet()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.ContextTest:testDuplicate()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.JaxenHandlerTest:testBogusPaths()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.JaxenHandlerTest:testValidPaths()V FAILED junit.framework.AssertionFailedError 
org.jaxen.test.JaxenRuntimeExceptionTest:testMessageIsNonNull()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.JaxenRuntimeExceptionTest:testPrintStackTrace()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.FunctionCallExceptionTest:testMessageIsNonNull()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.FunctionCallExceptionTest:testMessageIsSaved()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.UnresolvableExceptionTest:testUnresolvableFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.UnresolvableExceptionTest:testUnresolvableVariable()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.VariableContextTest:testGetVariableContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.VariableContextTest:testUnresolvableVariable()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.VariableContextTest:testSetNamespacelessVariable()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.XPathSyntaxExceptionTest:testGetXPath()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.XPathSyntaxExceptionTest:testGetMultilineMessage()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.XPathSyntaxExceptionTest:testGetPositionMarker()V FAILED junit.framework.AssertionFailedError 
org.jaxen.test.UnsupportedAxisExceptionTest:testMessageIsNonNull()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.JaxenExceptionTest:testMessageIsNonNull()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.JaxenExceptionTest:testPrintStackTrace()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.ArithmeticTest:testNumbersThatBeginWithADecimalPoint2()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.ArithmeticTest:testLeftAssociativityOfLessThanOrEqual()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.ArithmeticTest:testNumbersThatBeginWithADecimalPoint()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 239 16 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.IterableAxisTest:testIterableSelfNamedAxis()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.DefaultXPathFactoryTest:testBadAxis()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.NodesetEqualityTest:testNotEqualsTwoNodesets()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NodesetEqualityTest:testNotEqualsNumberNodeset()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NodesetEqualityTest:testEqualsNumberNodeset()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NodesetEqualityTest:testEqualsBooleanNodeset2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NodesetEqualityTest:testNotEqualsBooleanNodeset1()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NodesetEqualityTest:testEqualsTwoNodesets()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NodesetEqualityTest:testNotEqualsBooleanNodeset2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NodesetEqualityTest:testEqualsStringNodeset()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NodesetEqualityTest:testEqualsBooleanNodeset1()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NodesetEqualityTest:testNotEqualsStringNodeset()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testLangFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testCDATASectionsAreIncludedInTextNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testGetAttributeLocalNameOnElement()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testCorrectPredicateApplication()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testGetAttributeQNameOnElement()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testGetElementNamespaceURIOnAttr()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testGetElementLocalNameOnAttr()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testGetAttributeNamespaceURIOnElement()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testDocumentFunctionContextExample()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testJaxen58()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid53992()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54082()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54145()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testJaxen24()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testJaxen3()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54032()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54180()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54467()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54266()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54298()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54197()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54570()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54156()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54853()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54522()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54219()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54249()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54932()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54614()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54534()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54168()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testid54278()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testAttributeAsContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testVariableLookup()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testNodeTypes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testPrecedingSiblingAxis()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testAttributeParent()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testCountFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testPositioning()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testSubstringFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testDocumentFunctionActual()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testNormalizeSpaceFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testDocumentFunction1()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testAxisNodeOrdering()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testAbsoluteLocationPaths()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testCountFunctionMore()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testTranslateFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaces()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testGetTargetOfNonPI()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testGetDataOfNonPI()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testNoNamespace()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceResolution()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testTextNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testStringExtensionFunctions()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodeCounts()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testNamespacesAgain()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodeCounts1()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testPrefixDoesntMatter()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodesHaveParent()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodeAsContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testGetElementQNameOnAttr()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testStringFunction1()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testStringFunction3()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testForParserErrors()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testNodesetEqualsString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testStringFunction2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testNodesetEqualsNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testJaxen3dupe()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testUnderscoresInNames()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testIntegerArithmetic()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testGetNodeType()V FAILED junit.framework.AssertionFailedError 
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:testFloatingPointArithmetic()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testIntrinsicNamespaceDeclarationOfElementBeatsContradictoryIntrinsicNamespaceOfAttr()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testImplictCastFromCommentInARelationalExpression()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testImplictCastFromTextInARelationalExpression()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testConstructionWithNamespacePrefix()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testPrecedingAxisInDocumentOrder()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testAttributeNodesDontHaveChildren()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testNamespaceNodesPrecedeAttributeNodes2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testConsistentNamespaceDeclarations()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testInconsistentNamespaceDeclarations()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testNamespaceNodesPrecedeAttributeNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testUpdateDOMNodesReturnedBySelectNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testNamespaceDeclarationsAreNotAttributes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testPrecedingAxisWithPositionalPredicate()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testJaxen193()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testJaxen22()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testTimSort()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testJaxen207()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testElementWithoutNamespace()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testConstruction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testJaxen193InReverse()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testFunctionWithNamespace()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testSelection()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testVariableWithNamespace()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testIntrinsicNamespaceDeclarationOfElementBeatsContradictoryXmlnsPreAttr()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testImplictCastFromProcessingInstructionInARelationalExpression()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOMXPathTest:testIntrinsicNamespaceDeclarationOfAttrBeatsContradictoryXmlnsPreAttr()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceTest:testNamespaceNodesReadFromAttributes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceTest:testUnboundNamespaceUsedInXPathExpression()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceTest:testQueryDefaultNamespaceWithContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceTest:testNumberOfNamespaceNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceTest:testQueryDefaultNamespace()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceTest:testNamespaceAxis()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceTest:testMultipleNamespaceAxis()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.NamespaceTest:testUnprefixedNamespaceAxis()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testLangFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testCDATASectionsAreIncludedInTextNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testCorrectPredicateApplication()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testDocumentFunctionContextExample()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testJaxen58()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid53992()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54082()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54145()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testJaxen24()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testJaxen3()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54032()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54180()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54467()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54266()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54298()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54197()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54570()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54156()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54853()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54522()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54219()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54249()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54932()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54614()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54534()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54168()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testid54278()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testNullNamespace()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testAttributeAsContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testVariableLookup()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testNodeTypes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testPrecedingSiblingAxis()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testAttributeParent()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testCountFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testPositioning()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testSubstringFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testDocumentFunctionActual()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testNormalizeSpaceFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testDocumentFunction1()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testAxisNodeOrdering()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testAbsoluteLocationPaths()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testCountFunctionMore()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testTranslateFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaces()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testNoNamespace()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceResolution()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testTextNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testStringExtensionFunctions()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodeCounts()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testNamespacesAgain()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodeCounts1()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testPrefixDoesntMatter()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodesHaveParent()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodeAsContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testStringFunction1()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testStringFunction3()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testForParserErrors()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testNodesetEqualsString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testStringFunction2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testNodesetEqualsNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testJaxen3dupe()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testUnderscoresInNames()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testIntegerArithmetic()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testGetNodeType()V ERROR java.lang.ClassCastException 15 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:testFloatingPointArithmetic()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMXPathTest:testJaxen148()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMXPathTest:testConstruction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMXPathTest:testSelection()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMXPathTest:testJaxen53Text()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMXPathTest:testGetDocumentNode()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMXPathTest:testJaxen20AttributeNamespaceNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JDOMXPathTest:testNamespaceNodesAreInherited()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testLangFunction()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testCDATASectionsAreIncludedInTextNodes()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testCorrectPredicateApplication()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testDocumentFunctionContextExample()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testJaxen58()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid53992()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54082()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54145()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testJaxen24()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testJaxen3()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54032()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54180()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54467()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54266()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54298()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54197()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54570()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54156()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54853()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54522()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54219()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54249()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54932()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54614()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54534()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54168()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testid54278()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testConcurrentModification()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testNullPointerException()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testAttributeAsContext()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testVariableLookup()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testNodeTypes()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testPrecedingSiblingAxis()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testAttributeParent()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testCountFunction()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testPositioning()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testSubstringFunction()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testDocumentFunctionActual()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testNormalizeSpaceFunction()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testDocumentFunction1()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testAxisNodeOrdering()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testAbsoluteLocationPaths()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testCountFunctionMore()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testTranslateFunction()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testNamespaces()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testNoNamespace()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testNamespaceResolution()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testTextNodes()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testStringExtensionFunctions()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodeCounts()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testNamespacesAgain()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodeCounts1()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testPrefixDoesntMatter()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodesHaveParent()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodeAsContext()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testStringFunction1()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testStringFunction3()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testForParserErrors()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testNodesetEqualsString()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testStringFunction2()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testNodesetEqualsNumber()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testJaxen3dupe()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testUnderscoresInNames()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testIntegerArithmetic()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testGetNodeType()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:testFloatingPointArithmetic()V ERROR java.lang.NullPointerException 210 176 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JXPathTest:testJaxen16()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JXPathTest:testConstruction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JXPathTest:testSelection()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JXPathTest:testJaxen20AttributeNamespaceNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JXPathTest:testNamespaceNodesAreInherited()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JXPathTest:testAsBoolean()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JXPathTest:testSyntaxException()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testLangFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testCDATASectionsAreIncludedInTextNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testCorrectPredicateApplication()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testDocumentFunctionContextExample()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testJaxen58()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid53992()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54082()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54145()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testJaxen24()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testJaxen3()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54032()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54180()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54467()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54266()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54298()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54197()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54570()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54156()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54853()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54522()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54219()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54249()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54932()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54614()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54534()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54168()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testid54278()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testAttributeAsContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testVariableLookup()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testNodeTypes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testPrecedingSiblingAxis()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testAttributeParent()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testCountFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testPositioning()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testSubstringFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testDocumentFunctionActual()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testNormalizeSpaceFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testDocumentFunction1()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testAxisNodeOrdering()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testAbsoluteLocationPaths()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testCountFunctionMore()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testTranslateFunction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaces()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testNoNamespace()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceResolution()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testTextNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testStringExtensionFunctions()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodeCounts()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testNamespacesAgain()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodeCounts1()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testPrefixDoesntMatter()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodesHaveParent()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testNamespaceNodeAsContext()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testStringFunction1()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testStringFunction3()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testForParserErrors()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testNodesetEqualsString()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testStringFunction2()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testNodesetEqualsNumber()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testJaxen3dupe()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testUnderscoresInNames()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testIntegerArithmetic()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testGetNodeType()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:testFloatingPointArithmetic()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMXPathTest:testConstruction()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XOMXPathTest:testSelection()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.JavaBeanNavigatorTest:testSomething()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.PatternHandlerTest:testValidPaths()V ERROR class org.jaxen.saxpath.XPathSyntaxException 302 13 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 364 146 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testBogusPaths()V FAILED junit.framework.ComparisonFailure 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testPaths()V ERROR class org.jaxen.saxpath.XPathSyntaxException 302 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testAndImmediatelyFollowedByRelativeLocationPath()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testLocationPathStartsWithVariable()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testLocationPathStartsWithParentheses()V ERROR class org.jaxen.saxpath.XPathSyntaxException 302 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 190 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testChildrenOfNumber()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testStringOrNumber()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testValidAxis()V ERROR class org.jaxen.saxpath.XPathSyntaxException 302 13 260 219 257 184 275 106 179 148 109 36 364 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testChildIsNumber()V FAILED junit.framework.ComparisonFailure 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testUnionofNodesAndNonNodes()V FAILED junit.framework.ComparisonFailure 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testInvalidAxis()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testNumberOrNumber()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testStringOrString()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testNoSpaceAfterDiv()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testNoSpaceAfterMod()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testNoSpaceAfterPlus()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testNoSpaceAfterAnd()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderTest:testNoSpaceAfterOr()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderFactoryTest:testDefault()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderFactoryTest:testInvalidExplicit()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderFactoryTest:testValidByProperty()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderFactoryTest:testValidExplicit()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderFactoryTest:testNonExistantByProperty()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderFactoryTest:testNonExistantExplicit()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.XPathReaderFactoryTest:testInvalidByProperty()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.DefaultXPathExprTest:testJAXEN40()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.DefaultXPathExprTest:testJAXEN160GetText()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
org.jaxen.test.DefaultXPathExprTest:testJAXEN160ToString()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
org.jaxen.test.DefaultNamestepTest:testIdentitySetUsageInDefaultNameStep()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ModTest:testModofNonIntegers()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
org.jaxen.test.EqualsTest:testEqualityAgainstNonExistentNodes()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.EqualsTest:testOlander()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.LiteralExprTest:testStringLiteralContainsSingleQuote()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
org.jaxen.test.LiteralExprTest:testStringLiteralContainsDoubleQuote()V ERROR java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException 
org.jaxen.test.LiteralExprTest:testJaxen177()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.BinaryExprTest:testBooleanPrecedence()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ProcessingInstructionNodeTest:testGetText()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ProcessingInstructionNodeTest:testGetTextWithPredicate()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.ProcessingInstructionNodeTest:testGetTextWithName()V ERROR org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException 
org.jaxen.test.SingletonListTest:testIndexOutOfBoundsException()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.SingleObjectIteratorTest:testNoInfiniteLoops()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.SingleObjectIteratorTest:testRemove()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.AncestorOrSelfAxisIteratorTest:testNoInfiniteLoops()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.AncestorOrSelfAxisIteratorTest:testRemove()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.DescendantAxisIteratorTest:testNoInfiniteLoops()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.DescendantAxisIteratorTest:testRemove()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.FollowingAxisIteratorTest:testNoInfiniteLoops()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.FollowingAxisIteratorTest:testRemove()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.FollowingSiblingAxisIteratorTest:testNoInfiniteLoops()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.FollowingSiblingAxisIteratorTest:testRemove()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.PrecedingAxisIteratorTest:testNoInfiniteLoops()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.PrecedingAxisIteratorTest:testRemove()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.PrecedingSiblingAxisIteratorTest:testNoInfiniteLoops()V PASSED
org.jaxen.test.PrecedingSiblingAxisIteratorTest:testRemove()V PASSED

#uuts: uut_name, [ '|', mutator_class, '|', change_position_in_file_buffer, '|', change ]
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:XPathLexer(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:DocumentNavigator()V
org.jaxen.QualifiedName:equals(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:startNameStep(ILjava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultArithExpr:DefaultArithExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator.2:get(Ljava.lang.Object;I)Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:log(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.JaxenException:JaxenException(Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.Throwable;)V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getProcessingInstructionTarget(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:literal(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.util.AncestorOrSelfAxisIterator:remove()V
org.jaxen.util.FollowingAxisIterator:goUp()Z
org.jaxen.DefaultNavigator:getNodeType(Ljava.lang.Object;)S
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:locationPath(Z)V | STATEMENT | 9731 | stmt -> ;
org.jaxen.function.ContainsFunction:ContainsFunction()V
org.jaxen.jdom.DocumentNavigator:getNamespaceAxisIterator(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.util.Iterator; | CONDITION | 9042 | if (x) -> if (!x)
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:LA(I)I
org.jaxen.JaxenException:JaxenException(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.JaxenRuntimeException:getCause()Ljava.lang.Throwable;
org.jaxen.JaxenException:JaxenException(Ljava.lang.Throwable;)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:startXPath()V
org.jaxen.FunctionCallException:FunctionCallException(Ljava.lang.Throwable;)V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultStep:DefaultStep(Lorg.jaxen.expr.iter.IterableAxis;Lorg.jaxen.expr.PredicateSet;)V
org.jaxen.function.IdFunction:IdFunction()V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultXPathFactory:createNumberExpr(D)Lorg.jaxen.expr.NumberExpr;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:consume()V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:startFilterExpr()V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:pop()Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator:getDocument(Ljava.lang.String;)Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:identifier()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.Context:getPosition()I
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator:isElement(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:startXPath()V
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator:addNamespaceForElement(Lnu.xom.Element;Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.util.Map;)Z
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:number(D)V
org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException:getPositionMarker()Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:expr()V
org.jaxen.function.StringFunction:StringFunction()V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:setXPathFactory(Lorg.jaxen.expr.XPathFactory;)V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getNamespaceStringValue(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:getXPath()Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:operatorName()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token:setTokenBegin(I)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.SAXPathException:printStackTrace(Ljava.io.PrintStream;)V
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator:isNamespace(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultMinusExpr:DefaultMinusExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V
org.jaxen.XPathFunctionContext:registerXPathFunctions()V
org.jaxen.function.StringFunction:evaluate(Ljava.lang.Object;Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;)Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.UnsupportedAxisException:UnsupportedAxisException(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:startRelationalExpr()V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultXPathFactory:createLiteralExpr(Ljava.lang.String;)Lorg.jaxen.expr.LiteralExpr;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token:getTokenBegin()I
org.jaxen.XPathFunctionContext:registerXSLTFunctions()V
org.jaxen.function.NotFunction:NotFunction()V
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:endUnionExpr(Z)V
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:log(ZLjava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token:getTokenText()Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:isProcessingInstruction(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator.IndexIterator:hasNext()Z
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:dots()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultPlusExpr:DefaultPlusExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:LA(I)C | OPERATOR | 23833 | - -> >>
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getInstance()Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:plus()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.util.SingleObjectIterator:SingleObjectIterator(Ljava.lang.Object;)V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getNamespacePrefix(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultXPathFactory:createPathExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.FilterExpr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.LocationPath;)Lorg.jaxen.expr.PathExpr;
org.jaxen.function.NumberFunction:isNaN(D)Z
org.jaxen.SimpleVariableContext:setVariableValue(Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.Object;)V
org.jaxen.expr.iter.IterableParentAxis:IterableParentAxis(I)V
org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException:getPosition()I
org.jaxen.util.PrecedingAxisIterator:hasNext()Z
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator:getChildAxisIterator(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.util.Iterator;
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:isAttribute(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.function.LocalNameFunction:LocalNameFunction()V
org.jaxen.expr.iter.IterableChildAxis:IterableChildAxis(I)V
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator:getNamespaceAxisIterator(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.util.Iterator;
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getAttributeNamespaceUri(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultLessThanEqualExpr:DefaultLessThanEqualExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:div()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.util.FollowingAxisIterator:remove()V
org.jaxen.jdom.DocumentNavigator:getDocument(Ljava.lang.String;)Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.SimpleFunctionContext:registerFunction(Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;Lorg.jaxen.Function;)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:popFrame()Ljava.util.LinkedList;
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:parseXPath(Ljava.lang.String;)Lorg.jaxen.XPath;
org.jaxen.saxpath.SAXPathException:initCause(Ljava.lang.Throwable;)Ljava.lang.Throwable;
org.jaxen.function.CeilingFunction:CeilingFunction()V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getNamespaceAxisIterator(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.util.Iterator; | STATEMENT | 13976 | stmt -> ;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultEqualityExpr:DefaultEqualityExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:startAndExpr()V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:addSteps(Lorg.jaxen.expr.LocationPath;Ljava.util.Iterator;)V
org.jaxen.function.NameFunction:NameFunction()V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:startEqualityExpr()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:abbrStep()V
org.jaxen.Context:getSize()I
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:getNavigator()Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;
org.jaxen.JaxenRuntimeException:printStackTrace(Ljava.io.PrintWriter;)V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:isDocument(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getElementQName(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:mod()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:getNavigator()Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;
org.jaxen.SimpleNamespaceContext:addNamespace(Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultNumberExpr:DefaultNumberExpr(Ljava.lang.Double;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.SAXPathException:SAXPathException(Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.Throwable;)V
org.jaxen.jdom.JDOMXPath:JDOMXPath(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:step()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:relationalExpr()V | CONSTANT | 25074 | 1 -> 0
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:steps()V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator.1:getNextNode(Lorg.w3c.dom.Node;)Lorg.w3c.dom.Node;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:orExpr()V | CONSTANT | 21250 | 1 -> -1
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:getXPathFactory()Lorg.jaxen.expr.XPathFactory;
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:JaxenHandler()V
org.jaxen.javabean.JavaBeanXPath:JavaBeanXPath(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.XPathSyntaxException:toString()Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:number()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.test.PrecedingSiblingAxisIteratorTest:pass()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:relativeLocationPath()V
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator:isProcessingInstruction(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.dom4j.Dom4jXPath:Dom4jXPath(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:addPredicates(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Predicated;Ljava.util.Iterator;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Verifier:isXMLNCNameStartCharacter(C)Z
org.jaxen.expr.PredicateSet:PredicateSet()V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getElementNamespaceUri(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:log(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultLessThanExpr:DefaultLessThanExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V
org.jaxen.SimpleVariableContext:getVariableValue(Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;)Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Verifier:isXMLDigit(C)Z
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:predicates()V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:endLocationPath()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:getXPathHandler()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.XPathHandler;
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:endStep()V
org.jaxen.util.SingleObjectIterator:next()Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultGreaterThanEqualExpr:DefaultGreaterThanEqualExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:isNamespace(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:variableReference()V
org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException:getMultilineMessage()Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:setUpParse(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator.IndexIterator:next()Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.function.SumFunction:SumFunction()V
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:getNavigator()Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:endPathExpr()V
org.jaxen.function.FloorFunction:FloorFunction()V
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator:isComment(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.JaxenRuntimeException:initCause(Ljava.lang.Throwable;)Ljava.lang.Throwable;
org.jaxen.test.DOMNavigatorTest:log(ZLjava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:literal()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.pattern.PatternParser:parse(Ljava.lang.String;)Lorg.jaxen.pattern.Pattern;
org.jaxen.SimpleFunctionContext:SimpleFunctionContext()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:andExpr()V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultVariableReferenceExpr:DefaultVariableReferenceExpr(Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.Context:setPosition(I)V
org.jaxen.util.FollowingSiblingAxisIterator:next()Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException:getXPath()Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.util.SingletonList:SingletonList(Ljava.lang.Object;)V
org.jaxen.SimpleNamespaceContext:translateNamespacePrefixToUri(Ljava.lang.String;)Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.test.DOM4JNavigatorTest:log(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.util.FollowingAxisIterator:goForward()Z
org.jaxen.function.BooleanFunction:BooleanFunction()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.helpers.XPathReaderFactory:createReader()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.XPathReader;
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:endFilterExpr()V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultAllNodeStep:DefaultAllNodeStep(Lorg.jaxen.expr.iter.IterableAxis;Lorg.jaxen.expr.PredicateSet;)V
org.jaxen.Context:getContextSupport()Lorg.jaxen.ContextSupport;
org.jaxen.function.NumberFunction:NumberFunction()V
org.jaxen.Context:setNodeSet(Ljava.util.List;)V
org.jaxen.BaseXPath:BaseXPath(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:startRelativeLocationPath()V
org.jaxen.function.PositionFunction:PositionFunction()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.XPathSyntaxException:XPathSyntaxException(Ljava.lang.String;ILjava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:peekFrame()Ljava.util.LinkedList;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultXPathFactory:createRelativeLocationPath()Lorg.jaxen.expr.LocationPath;
org.jaxen.util.SingleObjectIterator:hasNext()Z
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:nodeTest(I)V
org.jaxen.SimpleVariableContext:SimpleVariableContext()V
org.jaxen.Context:setSize(I)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:rightParen()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:startUnionExpr()V
org.jaxen.dom4j.DocumentNavigator:getDocument(Ljava.lang.String;)Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.function.StartsWithFunction:StartsWithFunction()V
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:addEvent(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:equalityExpr()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:match(I)Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultXPathFactory:createNameStep(ILjava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;)Lorg.jaxen.expr.Step;
org.jaxen.XPathFunctionContext:XPathFunctionContext(Z)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:push(Ljava.lang.Object;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:multiplicativeExpr()V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:endAndExpr(Z)V
org.jaxen.Context:getNodeSet()Ljava.util.List;
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:isText(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:endEqualityExpr(I)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Verifier:isXMLNCNameCharacter(C)Z
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:filterExpr()V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultXPathFactory:getIterableAxis(I)Lorg.jaxen.expr.iter.IterableAxis;
org.jaxen.dom.DOMXPath:DOMXPath(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.expr.iter.IterableAxis:namedAccessIterator(Ljava.lang.Object;Lorg.jaxen.ContextSupport;Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;)Ljava.util.Iterator;
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:startNameStep(ILjava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultNotEqualsExpr:DefaultNotEqualsExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:startFilterExpr()V
org.jaxen.function.LastFunction:LastFunction()V
org.jaxen.util.DescendantAxisIterator:remove()V
org.jaxen.util.SingleObjectIterator:remove()V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:isComment(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getAttributeName(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.saxpath.helpers.XPathReaderFactory:createReader(Ljava.lang.String;)Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.XPathReader;
org.jaxen.util.PrecedingSiblingAxisIterator:next()Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.DefaultNavigator:getDescendantOrSelfAxisIterator(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.util.Iterator;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultAdditiveExpr:DefaultAdditiveExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V
org.jaxen.SimpleNamespaceContext:SimpleNamespaceContext(Ljava.util.Map;)V
org.jaxen.util.PrecedingAxisIterator:next()Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.QualifiedName:QualifiedName(Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.function.NormalizeSpaceFunction:NormalizeSpaceFunction()V
org.jaxen.dom4j.DocumentNavigator:getSAXReader()Lorg.dom4j.io.SAXReader; | STATEMENT | 14332 | stmt -> ;
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:endRelativeLocationPath()V
org.jaxen.util.PrecedingSiblingAxisIterator:PrecedingSiblingAxisIterator(Ljava.lang.Object;Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;)V
org.jaxen.function.NumberFunction:evaluate(Ljava.lang.Object;Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;)Ljava.lang.Double;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultXPathFactory:createPredicateSet()Lorg.jaxen.expr.PredicateSet;
org.jaxen.javabean.DocumentNavigator:getInstance()Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;
org.jaxen.test.XOMNavigatorTest:log(ZLjava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:literal()V
org.jaxen.test.FollowingSiblingAxisIteratorTest:pass()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:unionExpr()V
org.jaxen.function.ConcatFunction:ConcatFunction()V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:isElement(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator.1:getFirstNode(Lorg.w3c.dom.Node;)Lorg.w3c.dom.Node;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultLocationPath:DefaultLocationPath()V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:startRelativeLocationPath()V
org.jaxen.util.FollowingAxisIterator:next()Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:endPathExpr()V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultEqualsExpr:DefaultEqualsExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:endRelativeLocationPath()V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getElementName(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.SimpleNamespaceContext:addElementNamespaces(Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;Ljava.lang.Object;)V
org.jaxen.XPathFunctionContext:XPathFunctionContext()V
org.jaxen.function.NamespaceUriFunction:NamespaceUriFunction()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token:getTokenType()I
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:relationalOperator()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:equals()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.util.PrecedingAxisIterator:remove()V
org.jaxen.function.FalseFunction:FalseFunction()V
org.jaxen.util.PrecedingSiblingAxisIterator:remove()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:LT(I)Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultPathExpr:DefaultPathExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.LocationPath;)V
org.jaxen.XPathFunctionContext:registerExtensionFunctions()V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:endAdditiveExpr(I)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.SAXPathException:SAXPathException(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:nextToken()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token; | STATEMENT | 3259 | stmt -> ;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultLocationPath:getSteps()Ljava.util.List;
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator:isAttribute(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:variableReference(Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getDocument(Ljava.lang.String;)Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultXPathFactory:createEqualityExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;I)Lorg.jaxen.expr.BinaryExpr;
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getProcessingInstructionData(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.function.SubstringFunction:SubstringFunction()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:hasMoreChars()Z
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token:setParseText(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token:getTokenEnd()I
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token:setTokenType(I)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.XPathSyntaxException:getPosition()I
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:unaryExpr()V
org.jaxen.jdom.DocumentNavigator:getChildAxisIterator(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.util.Iterator;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:whitespace()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:pathExpr()V
org.jaxen.QualifiedName:hashCode()I
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getChildAxisIterator(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.util.Iterator;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultXPathFactory:createAllNodeStep(I)Lorg.jaxen.expr.Step;
org.jaxen.saxpath.SAXPathException:SAXPathException(Ljava.lang.Throwable;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token:setTokenEnd(I)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token:Token(ILjava.lang.String;II)V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultLiteralExpr:DefaultLiteralExpr(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.FunctionCallException:FunctionCallException(Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.Exception;)V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultXPathFactory:createFilterExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)Lorg.jaxen.expr.FilterExpr;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:pipe()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultRelationalExpr:DefaultRelationalExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V
org.jaxen.BaseXPath:BaseXPath(Ljava.lang.String;Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:startPathExpr()V
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:variableReference(Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:additiveExpr()V
org.jaxen.SimpleNamespaceContext:SimpleNamespaceContext()V
org.jaxen.function.LangFunction:LangFunction()V
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator:isText(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator.NodeIterator:next()Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:endUnionExpr(Z)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:endFilterExpr()V
org.jaxen.util.SingletonList:get(I)Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.util.DescendantAxisIterator:next()Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:log(ZLjava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:endRelationalExpr(I)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:stackSize()I
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:startAndExpr()V
org.jaxen.Context:Context(Lorg.jaxen.ContextSupport;)V
org.jaxen.util.AncestorOrSelfAxisIterator:hasNext()Z
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:leftParen()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:endNameStep()V
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:endAndExpr(Z)V
org.jaxen.JaxenRuntimeException:JaxenRuntimeException(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Verifier:isXMLCombiningChar(C)Z | CONSTANT | 17077 | 768 -> 1
org.jaxen.expr.iter.IterableSelfAxis:IterableSelfAxis(I)V
org.jaxen.Context:duplicate()Lorg.jaxen.Context;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultXPathFactory:createRelationalExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;I)Lorg.jaxen.expr.BinaryExpr;
org.jaxen.saxpath.SAXPathException:getCause()Ljava.lang.Throwable;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultFilterExpr:DefaultFilterExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.PredicateSet;)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:endAllNodeStep()V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator.NodeIterator:isXPathNode(Lorg.w3c.dom.Node;)Z
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:createSyntaxException(Ljava.lang.String;)Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.XPathSyntaxException;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultBinaryExpr:DefaultBinaryExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V
org.jaxen.test.PrecedingAxisIteratorTest:pass()V
org.jaxen.function.TrueFunction:TrueFunction()V
org.jaxen.dom.NamespaceNode:getNodeType()S
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:setXPath(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultNameStep:DefaultNameStep(Lorg.jaxen.expr.iter.IterableAxis;Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;Lorg.jaxen.expr.PredicateSet;)V
org.jaxen.util.FollowingAxisIterator:hasNext()Z
org.jaxen.util.DescendantAxisIterator:hasNext()Z
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:startOrExpr()V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultLocationPath:addStep(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Step;)V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getAttributeQName(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:pushFrame()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.XPathSyntaxException:getXPath()Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.XPathSyntaxException:XPathSyntaxException(Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.XPathSyntaxException;)V
org.jaxen.test.FollowingAxisIteratorTest:pass()V
org.jaxen.function.SubstringBeforeFunction:SubstringBeforeFunction()V
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator.IndexIterator:IndexIterator(Ljava.lang.Object;II)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:startOrExpr()V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:startAllNodeStep(I)V
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator:isDocument(Ljava.lang.Object;)Z
org.jaxen.jdom.DocumentNavigator:getInstance()Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator.NodeIterator:NodeIterator(Lorg.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator;Lorg.w3c.dom.Node;)V
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:startAdditiveExpr()V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultTruthExpr:DefaultTruthExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:log(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.util.DescendantOrSelfAxisIterator:DescendantOrSelfAxisIterator(Ljava.lang.Object;Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:setXPathHandler(Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.XPathHandler;)V
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:number(D)V
org.jaxen.expr.iter.IterableAxis:IterableAxis(I)V
org.jaxen.function.TranslateFunction:TranslateFunction()V
org.jaxen.util.PrecedingSiblingAxisIterator:init()V
org.jaxen.function.SubstringAfterFunction:SubstringAfterFunction()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.Axis:lookup(I)Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.test.JDOMNavigatorTest:getNavigator()Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator.NodeIterator:hasNext()Z
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.Verifier:isXMLLetter(C)Z | OPERATOR | 8704 | <= -> >
org.jaxen.function.CountFunction:CountFunction()V
org.jaxen.util.AncestorOrSelfAxisIterator:next()Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:startPathExpr()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:XPathReader()V
org.jaxen.function.RoundFunction:RoundFunction()V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultXPathFactory:createAdditiveExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;I)Lorg.jaxen.expr.BinaryExpr;
org.jaxen.util.PrecedingSiblingAxisIterator:hasNext()Z
org.jaxen.dom.NamespaceNode:NamespaceNode(Lorg.w3c.dom.Node;Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.dom.NamespaceNode:getNodeValue()Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.util.DescendantAxisIterator:DescendantAxisIterator(Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;Ljava.util.Iterator;)V
org.jaxen.xom.DocumentNavigator.XPathNamespace:XPathNamespace(Lnu.xom.Element;Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.SAXPathException:printStackTrace(Ljava.io.PrintWriter;)V
org.jaxen.dom.NamespaceNode:getLocalName()Ljava.lang.String;
org.jaxen.dom4j.DocumentNavigator:getInstance()Lorg.jaxen.Navigator;
org.jaxen.function.StringLengthFunction:StringLengthFunction()V
org.jaxen.dom.DocumentNavigator:getParentNode(Ljava.lang.Object;)Ljava.lang.Object;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:notEquals()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.JaxenHandler:endNameStep()V
org.jaxen.JaxenRuntimeException:JaxenRuntimeException(Ljava.lang.Throwable;)V
org.jaxen.test.ConformanceXPathHandler:startUnionExpr()V
org.jaxen.util.FollowingSiblingAxisIterator:remove()V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:minus()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:nameTest(I)V
org.jaxen.xom.XOMXPath:XOMXPath(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultXPathFactory:createVariableReferenceExpr(Ljava.lang.String;Ljava.lang.String;)Lorg.jaxen.expr.VariableReferenceExpr;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathReader:parse(Ljava.lang.String;)V
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:dollar()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.saxpath.base.XPathLexer:identifierOrOperatorName()Lorg.jaxen.saxpath.base.Token;
org.jaxen.expr.DefaultGreaterThanExpr:DefaultGreaterThanExpr(Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;Lorg.jaxen.expr.Expr;)V

#matrix (1 line per test, in order of tests): { mut_index, ' ', mut_call_count, ' ' }
243 1 
85 1 350 1 264 1 298 1 
335 1 293 1 
0 1 130 1 1 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 338 3 42 2 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 252 2 253 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 25 1 265 2 302 1 105 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 2 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 113 1 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 43 1 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 2 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 298 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 2 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 113 1 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 43 1 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 2 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 298 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 2 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 113 1 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 43 1 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 2 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 298 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
67 1 
187 1 133 1 213 1 57 1 200 1 97 1 73 1 1 1 221 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
187 1 133 1 57 1 47 1 200 1 97 1 73 1 1 1 221 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
47 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
130 1 0 1 157 2 266 2 74 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 241 1 305 2 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 91 2 244 2 307 1 29 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 353 2 189 1 107 1 162 2 109 1 220 2 312 1 331 1 36 1 37 2 314 4 61 4 332 2 136 1 138 2 315 1 191 1 223 1 192 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 141 2 164 1 111 1 166 2 13 1 318 2 167 1 334 2 14 2 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 41 1 273 1 197 2 338 3 42 2 169 1 228 1 339 2 16 9 116 1 46 2 275 1 171 1 361 1 231 1 251 2 276 1 147 2 119 1 232 2 82 5 277 2 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 208 5 252 2 253 2 175 1 364 1 294 1 83 2 254 2 237 2 343 2 177 2 209 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 86 2 181 1 20 1 51 3 126 1 260 1 182 2 22 1 183 4 101 1 261 5 89 1 366 2 184 1 23 2 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 52 1 129 7 25 1 265 2 53 2 302 1 105 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 2 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 84 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 175 1 253 2 252 2 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 2 26 1 266 2 158 1 16 5 106 2 275 2 219 2 56 1 243 1 233 8 202 1 19 1 244 2 307 1 320 2 290 1 148 2 342 1 329 2 253 2 175 2 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 2 255 2 36 2 85 1 314 4 256 1 61 2 257 2 239 8 179 2 180 1 136 1 20 1 190 1 315 1 51 2 260 2 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 2 164 1 111 1 184 2 167 1 264 1 40 5 129 10 272 1 265 2 25 1 302 1 273 2 
0 1 338 1 42 5 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 5 325 1 303 1 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 242 1 219 1 56 1 4 1 119 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 205 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 5 252 3 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 60 1 34 1 255 5 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 190 1 51 1 344 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 63 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 25 4 265 5 168 8 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 8 281 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 49 1 244 2 234 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 4 252 2 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 285 1 239 10 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 297 1 190 1 271 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 367 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 272 1 25 4 265 4 168 8 280 1 273 1 
0 1 42 8 114 1 66 1 26 4 27 2 266 8 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 20 281 1 106 4 275 4 219 4 56 1 119 1 188 1 233 29 202 1 244 5 307 1 320 4 290 3 148 4 342 1 329 2 121 1 174 1 252 2 253 8 175 4 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 4 34 1 255 8 269 1 92 1 36 4 314 9 61 8 257 4 239 25 179 4 240 1 180 5 136 1 259 2 20 1 190 4 51 1 299 1 260 4 192 1 110 4 88 1 62 1 183 4 89 4 164 1 111 1 184 4 127 1 249 1 214 1 195 1 102 1 226 1 355 1 24 1 40 16 286 1 129 22 185 1 272 1 265 8 25 8 168 8 280 1 273 4 
0 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 8 281 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 49 1 244 2 234 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 4 252 2 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 124 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 285 1 239 10 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 297 1 190 1 271 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 272 1 25 4 265 4 168 8 280 1 273 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 338 1 42 5 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 5 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 188 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 5 252 3 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 5 269 1 92 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 190 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 88 1 62 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 249 1 214 1 195 1 102 1 226 1 355 1 24 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 25 4 265 5 168 8 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 42 8 114 1 66 1 26 4 27 2 266 8 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 20 281 1 106 4 275 4 219 4 56 1 119 1 188 1 233 29 202 1 244 5 307 1 320 4 290 3 148 4 342 1 329 2 121 1 174 1 252 2 253 8 175 4 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 4 34 1 255 8 269 1 92 1 36 4 314 9 61 8 257 4 239 25 179 4 240 1 180 5 136 1 259 2 20 1 190 4 51 1 299 1 260 4 192 1 110 4 88 1 62 1 183 4 89 4 164 1 111 1 184 4 127 1 249 1 214 1 195 1 102 1 226 1 355 1 24 1 40 16 286 1 129 22 185 1 272 1 265 8 25 8 168 8 280 1 273 4 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 8 281 1 106 1 275 1 132 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 49 1 244 2 234 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 4 252 2 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 285 1 239 10 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 297 1 190 1 271 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 272 1 25 4 265 4 168 8 280 1 273 1 
0 1 338 1 42 5 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 5 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 8 281 1 106 1 275 1 132 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 49 1 244 2 234 1 307 1 320 1 120 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 5 252 3 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 5 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 7 257 1 285 1 239 10 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 297 1 190 1 271 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 11 286 1 129 7 272 1 25 4 265 5 168 8 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 8 281 1 106 1 275 1 132 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 49 1 244 2 234 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 4 252 2 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 285 1 239 10 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 297 1 190 1 271 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 272 1 25 4 265 4 168 8 280 1 273 1 
130 1 0 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 223 1 192 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 41 1 273 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 175 1 253 2 252 2 294 1 364 1 83 2 254 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 51 3 126 1 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 302 1 105 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
62 1 164 1 243 1 202 1 158 1 19 1 85 1 264 1 272 1 192 1 
0 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 8 281 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 49 1 244 2 234 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 4 252 2 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 78 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 285 1 239 10 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 297 1 190 1 271 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 272 1 25 4 265 4 168 8 280 1 273 1 
0 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 8 281 1 106 1 275 1 132 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 49 1 244 2 234 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 4 252 2 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 285 1 239 10 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 297 1 190 1 271 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 272 1 25 4 265 4 168 8 280 1 273 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 9 114 1 66 1 26 5 27 2 266 9 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 20 281 1 106 5 275 5 219 5 56 1 119 1 233 32 202 1 49 1 244 6 234 1 307 1 320 5 290 4 148 5 342 1 329 2 121 1 174 1 252 2 253 9 175 5 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 5 34 1 255 9 269 1 36 5 314 11 61 10 257 5 285 1 239 26 179 5 240 1 180 6 136 1 259 2 20 1 297 1 190 5 271 1 51 1 299 1 260 5 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 5 164 1 111 1 184 5 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 367 1 40 19 286 1 129 27 272 1 265 9 25 9 168 8 280 1 273 5 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 338 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 325 1 303 2 45 1 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 360 1 242 1 219 1 56 1 4 2 119 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 205 2 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 252 1 253 4 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 60 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 4 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 190 1 51 1 344 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 63 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 7 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 25 3 265 4 168 8 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 338 1 42 5 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 5 325 1 303 1 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 242 1 219 1 56 1 4 1 119 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 205 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 5 252 3 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 60 1 34 1 255 5 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 190 1 51 1 344 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 63 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 25 4 265 5 168 8 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 338 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 325 1 45 1 303 2 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 360 1 242 1 219 1 56 1 4 2 119 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 205 2 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 252 1 253 4 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 60 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 4 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 190 1 51 1 344 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 63 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 7 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 25 3 265 4 168 8 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 338 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 325 1 45 1 303 2 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 360 1 242 1 219 1 56 1 4 2 119 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 205 2 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 252 1 253 4 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 60 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 4 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 190 1 51 1 344 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 63 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 7 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 25 3 265 4 168 8 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 16 2 158 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 184 1 111 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 265 1 272 1 302 1 273 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 2 26 1 266 2 158 1 16 5 106 2 275 2 219 2 56 1 243 1 233 8 202 1 19 1 244 2 307 1 320 2 290 1 148 2 342 1 329 2 253 2 175 2 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 2 255 2 36 2 85 1 314 4 256 1 61 2 257 2 239 8 179 2 180 1 136 1 20 1 190 1 315 1 51 2 260 2 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 2 164 1 111 1 184 2 167 1 264 1 40 5 129 10 272 1 265 2 25 1 302 1 273 2 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 2 26 1 266 2 158 1 16 5 106 2 275 2 219 2 56 1 243 1 233 8 202 1 19 1 244 2 307 1 320 2 290 1 148 2 342 1 329 2 253 2 175 2 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 2 255 2 36 2 85 1 314 4 256 1 61 2 257 2 239 8 179 2 180 1 136 1 20 1 190 1 315 1 51 2 260 2 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 2 164 1 111 1 184 2 167 1 264 1 40 5 129 10 272 1 265 2 25 1 302 1 273 2 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 338 1 42 5 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 5 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 188 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 5 252 3 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 5 269 1 92 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 190 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 88 1 62 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 249 1 214 1 195 1 102 1 226 1 355 1 24 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 25 4 265 5 168 8 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 8 114 1 66 1 227 1 26 4 27 2 266 8 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 20 281 1 106 4 275 4 219 4 56 1 119 1 188 1 233 29 202 1 244 5 307 1 320 4 290 3 235 1 148 4 342 1 329 2 121 1 174 1 252 2 253 8 175 4 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 4 34 1 255 8 269 1 92 1 36 4 314 9 61 8 257 4 239 25 179 4 240 1 180 5 136 1 259 2 20 1 190 4 51 1 299 1 260 4 192 1 110 4 88 1 62 1 183 4 89 4 164 1 111 1 184 4 127 1 249 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 16 286 1 129 22 185 1 272 1 265 8 25 8 168 8 280 1 273 4 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 192 1 62 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 20 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 302 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 275 1 233 3 320 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 239 4 179 1 51 2 89 1 184 1 129 5 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
130 1 0 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 90 1 160 1 243 1 244 2 307 1 245 1 329 2 59 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 93 1 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 272 1 168 6 41 1 273 1 338 1 42 2 169 1 228 1 16 8 116 1 275 1 69 1 119 1 233 11 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 1 321 1 148 1 342 1 121 1 252 1 253 2 175 1 364 1 254 1 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 11 179 1 180 1 20 1 51 2 300 1 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 184 1 127 1 263 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 302 1 105 1 
0 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 8 281 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 49 1 244 2 234 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 4 252 2 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 285 1 239 10 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 297 1 190 1 271 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 367 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 272 1 25 4 265 4 168 8 280 1 273 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 8 281 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 49 1 244 2 234 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 4 252 2 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 285 1 239 10 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 297 1 190 1 271 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 367 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 272 1 25 4 265 4 168 8 280 1 273 1 
0 1 42 8 114 1 66 1 227 1 26 4 27 2 266 8 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 20 281 1 106 4 275 4 219 4 56 1 119 1 188 1 233 29 202 1 244 5 307 1 320 4 290 3 235 1 148 4 342 1 329 2 121 1 174 1 252 2 253 8 175 4 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 4 34 1 255 8 269 1 92 1 36 4 314 9 61 8 257 4 239 25 179 4 240 1 180 5 136 1 259 2 20 1 190 4 51 1 299 1 260 4 192 1 110 4 88 1 62 1 183 4 89 4 164 1 111 1 184 4 127 1 249 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 16 286 1 129 22 185 1 272 1 265 8 25 8 168 8 280 1 273 4 
0 1 338 1 42 5 114 1 66 1 227 1 26 1 27 2 266 5 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 188 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 235 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 5 252 3 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 5 269 1 92 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 190 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 88 1 62 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 249 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 25 4 265 5 168 8 280 1 41 1 273 1 
130 1 0 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 90 1 160 1 243 1 244 2 307 1 245 1 329 2 59 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 93 1 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 272 1 168 6 41 1 273 1 338 1 42 2 169 1 228 1 16 8 116 1 275 1 69 1 119 1 233 11 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 1 321 1 148 1 342 1 121 1 252 1 253 2 175 1 364 1 254 1 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 11 179 1 180 1 20 1 51 2 300 1 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 184 1 127 1 263 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 302 1 105 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 338 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 325 1 45 1 303 2 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 360 1 242 1 219 1 56 1 4 2 119 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 205 2 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 252 1 253 4 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 60 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 4 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 190 1 51 1 344 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 63 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 7 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 25 3 265 4 168 8 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 338 1 42 5 114 1 66 1 227 1 26 1 27 2 266 5 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 188 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 235 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 5 252 3 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 5 269 1 92 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 190 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 88 1 62 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 249 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 25 4 265 5 168 8 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 42 1 1 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
206 1 
206 1 154 1 
1 1 133 2 65 1 154 2 101 1 346 1 347 1 351 1 221 1 39 1 230 1 276 1 87 1 
206 1 
276 1 101 1 154 1 
0 1 192 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 62 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
288 1 163 1 186 1 
30 1 288 1 150 1 163 1 
288 2 150 2 94 1 161 1 30 1 173 1 296 1 163 2 186 2 
130 1 0 1 26 1 266 8 27 1 325 1 158 1 106 1 281 1 75 1 219 1 56 4 90 1 243 2 244 3 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 34 1 331 1 269 1 36 1 314 5 61 8 136 1 38 1 190 1 191 1 223 1 110 5 224 1 194 1 63 2 111 1 13 1 167 2 226 1 40 16 286 1 356 1 168 12 273 1 41 1 338 3 42 8 114 1 66 1 169 1 228 1 16 14 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 2 233 20 202 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 2 253 8 252 5 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 4 83 4 255 8 257 1 239 21 179 1 180 3 240 1 181 1 259 2 20 1 126 1 51 6 299 1 260 1 22 1 183 7 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 2 214 2 128 1 102 1 24 1 129 9 25 6 265 8 280 1 302 2 105 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 38 1 315 1 191 1 223 1 110 2 224 1 194 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 113 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 43 1 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 175 1 253 2 252 2 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 298 1 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
17 1 143 1 18 1 243 1 357 1 
17 1 143 1 18 1 298 1 243 1 96 1 357 1 
85 1 17 1 264 1 21 1 298 1 243 1 19 1 
85 1 17 1 103 1 298 1 268 1 243 1 7 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 338 2 42 3 66 1 26 1 27 1 266 3 158 1 16 12 281 1 106 1 275 1 363 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 134 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 320 1 120 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 189 1 252 2 253 3 175 1 294 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 149 1 247 1 255 3 269 1 36 1 365 1 314 3 61 4 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 1 136 1 20 1 190 1 51 1 126 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 3 62 1 183 3 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 226 1 40 6 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 265 3 25 2 168 6 280 1 41 1 273 1 
208 2 261 2 125 1 172 1 2 1 68 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 152 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 70 1 202 1 19 1 244 1 135 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 35 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 152 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 70 1 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 35 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
17 1 48 1 243 1 
17 1 243 1 
85 1 350 1 264 1 298 1 19 1 
0 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 8 281 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 49 1 244 2 234 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 4 252 2 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 78 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 285 1 239 10 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 297 1 190 1 271 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 272 1 25 4 265 4 168 8 280 1 273 1 
0 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 8 281 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 49 1 244 2 234 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 4 252 2 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 78 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 285 1 239 10 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 297 1 190 1 271 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 10 286 1 129 7 272 1 25 4 265 4 168 8 280 1 273 1 
0 1 338 1 42 5 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 5 326 1 303 1 158 1 16 8 281 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 49 1 244 2 234 1 307 1 320 1 120 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 253 5 252 3 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 5 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 7 257 1 285 1 239 10 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 20 1 259 2 297 1 190 1 271 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 367 1 40 11 286 1 129 7 272 1 25 4 265 5 168 8 280 1 41 1 273 1 
295 1 331 1 193 1 
17 1 243 1 191 1 263 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
1 1 139 1 73 1 201 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
139 1 1 1 313 1 
122 1 1 1 139 1 
1 1 221 1 229 1 139 1 
1 1 77 1 139 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
1 1 8 1 139 1 57 1 
1 1 250 1 139 1 57 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
139 1 1 1 98 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
1 1 187 1 283 1 12 1 97 1 200 1 204 1 301 2 306 6 108 1 310 2 221 2 222 1 324 1 131 1 133 1 328 1 57 1 248 1 139 1 64 1 337 2 262 1 73 1 346 1 348 1 170 3 87 1 279 1 
0 1 1 1 6 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 248 1 139 1 144 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 175 1 252 1 253 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 16 2 158 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 184 1 111 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 265 1 272 1 302 1 273 1 
130 1 0 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 223 1 192 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 41 1 273 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 175 1 253 2 252 2 294 1 364 1 83 2 254 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 51 3 126 1 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 302 1 105 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 175 1 252 1 253 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 16 2 158 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 184 1 111 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 265 1 272 1 302 1 273 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 16 2 158 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 184 1 111 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 265 1 272 1 302 1 273 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 16 2 158 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 184 1 111 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 265 1 272 1 302 1 273 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
130 1 0 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 223 1 192 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 41 1 273 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 175 1 253 2 252 2 294 1 364 1 83 2 254 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 51 3 126 1 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 302 1 105 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 16 2 158 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 184 1 111 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 265 1 272 1 302 1 273 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 16 2 158 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 184 1 111 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 265 1 272 1 302 1 273 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 16 2 158 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 329 2 342 1 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 184 1 111 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 265 1 272 1 302 1 273 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 16 2 158 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 184 1 111 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 265 1 272 1 302 1 273 1 
130 1 0 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 307 1 29 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 223 1 192 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 338 3 42 2 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 252 2 253 2 175 1 364 1 294 1 83 2 254 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 51 3 126 1 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 25 1 265 2 302 1 105 1 
130 1 0 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 223 1 192 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 41 1 273 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 175 1 253 2 252 2 294 1 364 1 83 2 254 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 51 3 126 1 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 302 1 105 1 
130 1 0 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 307 1 29 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 223 1 192 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 338 3 42 2 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 252 2 253 2 175 1 364 1 294 1 83 2 254 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 51 3 126 1 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 25 1 265 2 302 1 105 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 16 2 158 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 323 1 89 1 164 1 184 1 111 1 167 1 264 1 104 1 40 3 129 5 265 1 272 1 302 1 273 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
283 1 15 1 204 1 310 2 131 1 328 1 64 1 336 1 258 1 348 1 170 3 81 1 
0 1 284 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 327 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 336 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 81 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 104 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 323 1 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 323 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 104 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 323 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 104 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 323 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 104 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 323 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 104 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 316 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 175 1 252 1 253 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 323 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 104 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 316 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 175 1 252 1 253 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 323 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 104 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
176 1 210 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 16 2 158 1 106 1 275 1 118 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 352 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 175 1 253 1 252 1 364 1 254 1 109 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 89 1 164 1 184 1 111 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 265 1 272 1 302 1 273 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 210 1 
100 1 176 1 55 1 155 1 210 1 
0 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 118 1 233 3 320 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 352 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 118 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 352 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 118 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 352 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 352 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 316 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 118 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
0 1 266 1 158 1 106 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 244 1 307 1 352 1 329 2 109 1 36 1 314 2 61 1 136 1 315 1 316 1 164 1 111 1 167 1 40 3 272 1 273 1 42 1 16 2 275 1 118 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 254 1 255 1 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 20 1 51 2 260 1 89 1 184 1 264 1 129 5 265 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 118 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 352 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 118 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 352 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
5 1 283 1 12 1 95 1 204 1 28 1 31 3 310 2 33 1 44 1 319 1 117 1 322 1 131 1 328 1 58 2 246 1 137 1 64 1 142 1 72 1 348 1 349 1 76 1 170 3 278 1 
0 1 95 1 16 2 202 1 19 1 20 1 216 1 302 1 106 1 219 1 28 1 307 1 109 1 36 1 314 2 315 1 316 1 111 1 40 3 42 1 233 3 320 1 123 1 239 4 51 2 129 5 56 1 243 1 244 1 329 2 61 1 136 1 148 1 342 1 253 1 252 1 254 1 255 1 256 1 257 1 260 1 264 1 265 1 266 1 158 1 164 1 167 1 272 1 273 1 275 1 175 1 364 1 85 1 179 1 89 1 184 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 362 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 362 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 112 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 215 1 264 1 129 7 25 1 265 2 105 1 302 1 
130 1 0 1 338 3 42 2 169 1 266 2 228 1 158 1 16 9 106 1 146 1 116 1 275 1 75 1 171 1 361 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 119 1 243 1 233 12 202 1 244 2 307 1 29 1 308 1 320 1 245 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 189 1 252 2 253 2 175 1 107 1 364 1 83 2 254 2 109 1 312 1 331 1 255 2 36 1 314 4 61 4 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 136 1 20 1 38 1 51 3 191 1 260 1 223 1 22 1 110 2 183 4 224 1 194 1 89 1 366 2 184 1 111 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 129 7 356 1 25 1 265 2 168 6 302 1 105 1 273 1 41 1 
0 1 338 3 42 2 287 1 266 2 3 1 16 9 106 1 358 1 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 219 1 56 2 243 1 233 12 244 2 307 1 29 1 291 1 120 2 341 1 148 1 189 1 252 2 253 2 364 1 32 1 294 1 107 1 254 2 109 1 311 1 255 2 36 1 61 4 257 1 178 9 239 12 179 1 180 1 136 1 211 1 51 3 126 1 260 1 366 2 184 1 165 1 127 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 129 7 25 1 265 2 302 1 41 1 105 1 
253 1 252 1 32 1 0 1 364 1 42 1 254 1 109 1 311 1 287 1 266 1 255 1 36 1 16 2 358 1 106 1 61 1 178 5 257 1 239 4 179 1 275 1 136 1 51 2 260 1 219 1 56 1 184 1 243 1 233 3 244 1 307 1 167 1 40 3 129 5 341 1 265 1 148 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 42 3 338 2 54 1 287 1 266 3 16 12 274 1 106 1 358 1 275 1 159 1 219 1 56 1 134 1 233 14 244 2 307 1 29 1 120 1 292 1 341 1 148 1 189 1 253 3 252 2 364 1 32 1 294 1 254 1 109 1 311 1 255 3 36 1 365 1 61 4 257 1 178 11 239 13 179 1 180 1 136 1 190 1 51 1 126 1 260 1 140 1 366 1 184 1 127 1 40 6 196 1 129 7 265 3 25 2 41 1 
252 1 253 2 32 1 0 1 364 1 42 2 254 1 109 2 311 2 287 2 266 2 255 2 36 2 16 5 358 2 106 2 61 2 178 10 257 2 239 8 179 2 180 1 275 2 136 1 190 1 51 2 260 2 219 2 56 1 184 2 243 1 233 8 244 2 307 1 290 1 167 1 196 1 40 5 129 10 341 2 25 1 265 2 148 2 302 1 
252 1 253 2 32 1 0 1 364 1 330 1 42 2 254 1 109 1 114 1 311 1 54 1 287 1 266 2 255 2 36 1 16 11 358 1 106 1 61 3 178 11 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 275 1 136 1 190 1 51 1 260 1 140 1 159 1 219 1 56 1 184 1 127 1 233 13 244 2 307 1 196 1 40 5 292 1 129 6 341 1 265 2 25 1 148 1 
0 1 338 1 42 6 114 1 66 2 26 2 27 2 266 6 158 1 16 16 145 1 217 1 281 2 106 2 275 2 267 1 219 2 56 2 119 2 233 22 202 1 244 4 307 1 320 2 120 1 148 2 342 1 329 2 121 2 252 4 253 6 175 2 364 1 83 4 254 2 109 2 34 1 255 6 269 2 36 2 50 1 314 5 61 9 257 2 239 19 179 2 240 2 270 1 180 3 136 1 259 2 9 1 20 1 190 2 51 2 299 2 260 2 192 1 110 6 62 1 183 6 89 2 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 2 127 2 214 2 102 1 226 2 24 1 40 13 286 2 129 12 185 1 272 1 25 5 265 6 168 12 280 1 41 1 273 2 
0 1 338 3 42 2 287 1 266 2 3 1 16 9 106 1 358 1 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 219 1 56 2 243 1 233 12 244 2 307 1 29 1 291 1 120 2 341 1 148 1 189 1 252 2 253 2 364 1 32 1 294 1 107 1 254 2 109 1 311 1 255 2 36 1 61 4 257 1 178 9 239 12 179 1 180 1 136 1 211 1 51 3 126 1 260 1 366 2 184 1 165 1 127 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 129 7 25 1 265 2 302 1 41 1 105 1 
0 1 338 3 42 2 287 1 266 2 3 1 16 9 106 1 358 1 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 219 1 56 2 243 1 233 12 244 2 307 1 29 1 291 1 120 2 341 1 148 1 189 1 252 2 253 2 364 1 32 1 294 1 107 1 254 2 109 1 311 1 255 2 36 1 61 4 257 1 178 9 239 12 179 1 180 1 136 1 211 1 51 3 126 1 260 1 366 2 184 1 165 1 127 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 129 7 25 1 265 2 302 1 41 1 105 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 338 3 42 2 287 1 266 2 3 1 16 9 106 1 358 1 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 219 1 56 2 243 1 233 12 244 2 307 1 29 1 291 1 120 2 341 1 148 1 189 1 252 2 253 2 364 1 32 1 294 1 107 1 254 2 109 1 311 1 255 2 36 1 61 4 257 1 178 9 239 12 179 1 180 1 136 1 211 1 51 3 126 1 260 1 366 2 184 1 165 1 127 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 129 7 25 1 265 2 302 1 41 1 105 1 
0 1 338 1 42 6 114 2 66 2 26 2 27 2 266 6 158 1 16 16 281 2 106 2 275 2 219 2 56 2 119 2 233 22 202 1 244 4 307 1 320 2 120 1 148 2 342 1 329 2 121 2 252 3 253 6 175 2 364 1 83 4 254 2 109 2 34 2 255 6 269 2 36 2 314 5 61 9 257 2 239 19 179 2 240 2 270 1 180 3 136 1 259 2 20 1 190 2 51 2 299 2 260 2 192 1 110 6 62 1 183 6 89 2 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 2 127 2 214 2 102 2 226 2 24 2 40 13 286 2 129 11 185 1 272 1 25 5 265 6 168 12 280 1 41 1 273 2 
0 1 338 1 42 6 66 2 26 2 27 2 266 6 158 1 16 16 145 2 217 2 281 2 106 2 275 2 267 2 219 2 56 2 119 2 233 22 202 1 244 4 307 1 320 2 120 1 148 2 342 1 329 2 121 2 252 5 253 6 175 2 364 1 83 4 254 2 109 2 255 6 269 2 36 2 50 2 314 5 61 9 257 2 239 19 179 2 240 2 270 1 180 3 136 1 259 2 9 2 20 1 190 2 51 2 299 2 260 2 192 1 110 6 62 1 183 6 89 2 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 2 127 2 214 2 226 2 40 13 286 2 129 13 185 1 272 1 25 5 265 6 168 12 280 1 41 1 273 2 
0 1 338 1 42 3 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 1 266 3 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 13 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 252 2 253 3 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 3 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 239 12 179 1 240 1 180 1 136 1 259 1 20 1 79 1 190 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 3 62 1 183 3 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 9 286 1 129 6 185 1 272 1 25 2 265 3 168 6 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 338 1 42 3 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 1 266 3 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 99 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 13 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 252 2 253 3 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 3 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 239 12 179 1 240 1 180 1 136 1 259 1 20 1 190 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 3 62 1 183 3 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 9 286 1 129 6 185 1 272 1 25 2 265 3 168 6 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 338 1 42 4 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 2 266 4 325 1 303 1 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 242 1 219 1 56 1 4 1 119 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 205 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 252 2 253 4 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 60 1 34 1 255 4 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 5 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 2 136 1 259 1 20 1 190 1 51 1 344 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 4 62 1 183 4 89 1 366 1 63 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 8 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 25 3 265 4 168 8 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
329 1 342 1 202 1 158 1 
243 1 202 1 
202 1 158 1 
202 1 
85 1 264 1 202 1 158 1 
85 1 264 1 202 1 
243 1 202 1 158 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 338 2 42 3 66 1 26 1 27 1 266 3 158 1 16 12 281 1 106 1 275 1 363 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 134 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 320 1 120 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 189 1 252 2 253 3 175 1 294 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 149 1 247 1 255 3 269 1 36 1 365 1 314 3 61 4 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 1 136 1 20 1 190 1 51 1 126 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 3 62 1 183 3 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 226 1 40 6 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 265 3 25 2 168 6 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 338 2 42 3 66 1 26 1 27 1 266 3 158 1 16 12 281 1 106 1 275 1 363 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 134 1 233 14 202 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 320 1 120 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 189 1 252 2 253 3 175 1 294 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 149 1 247 1 255 3 269 1 36 1 365 1 314 3 61 4 257 1 239 13 179 1 240 1 180 1 136 1 20 1 190 1 51 1 126 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 3 62 1 183 3 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 226 1 40 6 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 265 3 25 2 168 6 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 338 1 42 3 114 1 66 1 26 1 27 1 266 3 158 1 16 11 281 1 106 1 275 1 99 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 13 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 252 2 253 3 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 34 1 255 3 269 1 36 1 314 3 61 6 257 1 239 12 179 1 240 1 180 1 136 1 259 1 20 1 190 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 3 62 1 183 3 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 102 1 226 1 24 1 40 9 286 1 129 6 185 1 272 1 25 2 265 3 168 6 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 192 1 316 1 62 1 89 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 338 1 42 2 66 1 26 1 27 1 266 2 158 1 16 11 145 1 217 1 281 1 106 1 275 1 267 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 13 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 252 2 253 2 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 255 2 269 1 36 1 50 1 314 3 61 4 257 1 239 12 179 1 240 1 180 1 136 1 9 1 20 1 190 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 3 62 1 183 3 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 226 1 40 4 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 25 1 265 2 168 6 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 338 1 42 2 66 1 26 1 27 1 266 2 158 1 16 11 145 1 217 1 281 1 106 1 275 1 267 1 219 1 56 1 119 1 233 13 202 1 244 2 307 1 320 1 120 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 121 1 252 2 253 2 175 1 364 1 83 2 254 1 109 1 255 2 269 1 36 1 50 1 314 3 61 4 257 1 239 12 179 1 240 1 180 1 136 1 9 1 20 1 190 1 51 1 299 1 260 1 192 1 110 3 62 1 183 3 89 1 366 1 164 1 111 1 184 1 127 1 214 1 226 1 40 4 286 1 129 7 185 1 272 1 25 1 265 2 168 6 280 1 41 1 273 1 
0 1 42 1 266 1 158 1 16 2 106 1 275 1 219 1 56 1 243 1 233 3 202 1 19 1 244 1 307 1 320 1 148 1 342 1 329 2 252 1 253 1 175 1 364 1 109 1 254 1 255 1 36 1 85 1 314 2 256 1 61 1 257 1 239 4 179 1 136 1 20 1 315 1 51 2 260 1 316 1 89 1 164 1 184 1 111 1 167 1 264 1 40 3 129 5 272 1 265 1 273 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
0 1 130 1 266 2 158 1 106 1 75 1 219 1 56 2 90 1 243 1 244 2 29 1 307 1 308 1 245 1 329 2 189 1 107 1 109 1 312 1 331 1 36 1 314 4 61 4 136 1 315 1 191 1 192 1 223 1 316 1 110 2 62 1 224 1 194 1 164 1 111 1 13 1 167 1 40 5 356 1 272 1 168 6 273 1 41 1 42 2 338 3 169 1 228 1 16 9 116 1 275 1 171 1 361 1 119 1 233 12 202 1 19 1 320 1 120 2 148 1 342 1 121 1 253 2 252 2 175 1 294 1 364 1 254 2 83 2 255 2 85 1 256 1 257 1 239 12 179 1 180 1 181 1 20 1 126 1 51 3 260 1 22 1 183 4 89 1 366 2 184 1 127 1 214 1 128 1 264 1 129 7 265 2 25 1 105 1 302 1 
153 1 282 1 
170 1 131 1 
199 1 
354 1 289 1 340 1 
10 1 
283 1 310 1 108 1 324 1 262 1 301 2 337 1 279 1 222 1 
198 1 
317 1 156 1 309 1 97 1 337 1 11 1 225 1 
317 1 80 1 
151 1 218 1 
359 1 218 1 
304 1 345 1 354 2 333 1 289 2 207 1 71 1 212 1 340 1 
236 1 304 1 
203 1 345 1 115 1 
238 1 115 1 
